README.md, before:

# Material Informatics

In my free time, I explore open-source technologies for material information management, web development, and general-purpose applications. I curate resources on data modeling, documentation, tools, and advanced technologies to build efficient web apps. By experimenting with web technologies, machine learning, and cloud solutions, I aim to stay up to date with the latest advancements and continually expand my knowledge, creating scalable, accessible systems that improve data integration and drive innovation.

## Markdown Documentation

[Docsify](https://docsify.js.org/#/) - Simple and lightweigth documentation site generator.  
[Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/) - Docusaurus will help you ship a beautiful documentation site in no time.  
[MkDocs-Material](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/) - Documentation that simply works.  
[MkDocs Theme of BAM](https://github.com/BAMresearch/bam-masterdata) - Customized MkDocs Theme of "Bundesanstalt für Materialforschung und -prüfung".  

## Ontology

[Computational Material Sample Ontology](https://github.com/OCDO/cmso) - Widoco, Lode based ontology to build ontology specifications.  
[Helmholtz Metadaten](https://purls.helmholtz-metadaten.de/) - Persistent identifiers for semantic artifacts.  
[LinkML](https://linkml.io/) - General purpose modeling language that can be used with linked data, JSON and other formalisms.  
[Protege](https://protege.stanford.edu/) - A free, open-source ontology editor and framework for building intelligent systems.  

## Research

[OpenBIS](https://openbis.ch/) - Solution to manage research data based on FAIR data principles.  
[OSF](https://osf.io/) - OSF is a free, open platform to support your research and enable collaboration.  

## Unit Management

[QUDT](https://qudt.org/) - Semantic specifications for units of measure, quantity kind, dimensions and data types.

## Web-App Development

### Front-End

[REACT](https://react.dev/) - The library for web and native user interfaces.  

### UI

[Base Web](https://baseweb.design/) - Base Web offers a robust suite of components out of the box.  
[shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/) - A set of beautifully designed components that you can customize, extend, and build on.  

### Back-End

[FASTAPI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/) - FastAPI framework, high performance, easy to learn, fast to code, ready for production.  
[GO](https://go.dev/) - Build simple, secure, scalable systems with Go.  
[MCP](https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/python-sdk) - Python implementation of the Model Context Protocol (MCP) to interact with LLM's.  

### LLM

[LangChain](https://www.langchain.com/) - comprehensive platform for agent engineering.  
[Ollama](https://ollama.com/) - open LLM models which can run locally, interact with Python.

---

Curated with ❤️, inspired by a passion for material informatics and open source.

Commit message:

Add Angular to front-end technologies list

README.md, after:

# Material Informatics

In my free time, I explore open-source technologies for material information management, web development, and general-purpose applications. I curate resources on data modeling, documentation, tools, and advanced technologies to build efficient web apps. By experimenting with web technologies, machine learning, and cloud solutions, I aim to stay up to date with the latest advancements and continually expand my knowledge, creating scalable, accessible systems that improve data integration and drive innovation.

## Markdown Documentation

[Docsify](https://docsify.js.org/#/) - Simple and lightweigth documentation site generator.  
[Docusaurus](https://docusaurus.io/) - Docusaurus will help you ship a beautiful documentation site in no time.  
[MkDocs-Material](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/) - Documentation that simply works.  
[MkDocs Theme of BAM](https://github.com/BAMresearch/bam-masterdata) - Customized MkDocs Theme of "Bundesanstalt für Materialforschung und -prüfung".  

## Ontology

[Computational Material Sample Ontology](https://github.com/OCDO/cmso) - Widoco, Lode based ontology to build ontology specifications.  
[Helmholtz Metadaten](https://purls.helmholtz-metadaten.de/) - Persistent identifiers for semantic artifacts.  
[LinkML](https://linkml.io/) - General purpose modeling language that can be used with linked data, JSON and other formalisms.  
[Protege](https://protege.stanford.edu/) - A free, open-source ontology editor and framework for building intelligent systems.  

## Research

[OpenBIS](https://openbis.ch/) - Solution to manage research data based on FAIR data principles.  
[OSF](https://osf.io/) - OSF is a free, open platform to support your research and enable collaboration.  

## Unit Management

[QUDT](https://qudt.org/) - Semantic specifications for units of measure, quantity kind, dimensions and data types.

## Web-App Development

### Front-End

[Angular](https://angular.dev/) - The framework for building scalable web apps with confidence.   
[REACT](https://react.dev/) - The library for web and native user interfaces.  

### UI

[Base Web](https://baseweb.design/) - Base Web offers a robust suite of components out of the box.  
[shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com/) - A set of beautifully designed components that you can customize, extend, and build on.  

### Back-End

[FASTAPI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/) - FastAPI framework, high performance, easy to learn, fast to code, ready for production.  
[GO](https://go.dev/) - Build simple, secure, scalable systems with Go.  
[MCP](https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol/python-sdk) - Python implementation of the Model Context Protocol (MCP) to interact with LLM's.  

### LLM

[LangChain](https://www.langchain.com/) - comprehensive platform for agent engineering.  
[Ollama](https://ollama.com/) - open LLM models which can run locally, interact with Python.

---

Curated with ❤️, inspired by a passion for material informatics and open source.
